[DOCS] Adds 9.3.5 Kibana release notes (#270299)
elastic/kibana: docs/release-notes/index.md

* Strips system-managed date fields from ingest pipelines before PUT [#252579]({{kib-pull}}252579).

## 9.3.5 [kibana-9.3.5-release-notes]

### Fixes [kibana-9.3.5-fixes]

**Alerting and cases**:
* Fixes {{stack}} rule upgrades failing when rule action `params` values exceed Elasticsearch field size limits by adding `ignore_above: 4096` to the `actions.params` mapping [#269467]({{kib-pull}}269467).
* Fixes alert index template updates failing when auto-increasing `total_fields.limit` because system-managed read-only fields were included in the update request [#262534]({{kib-pull}}262534).
* Fixes phrase search in the **All Cases** view so quoted queries match exact phrases and unquoted queries match individual terms [#266827]({{kib-pull}}266827).

**Connectivity**:
* Fixes the email connector to reject malformed email addresses (for example, addresses with leading or trailing hyphens in the local part or domain labels) that mail servers would reject, preventing unnecessary SMTP connection attempts. Existing connectors saved with invalid addresses will fail validation after upgrade and must be updated [#268496]({{kib-pull}}268496).

**Dashboards and Visualizations**:

> * Fixes a regression where the dashboard remained locked in an open-flyout state after closing the {{esql}} control edit flyout when editing an existing query-based control [#267605]({{kib-pull}}267605).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a regression where the dashboard remained locked in an open-flyout state after closing the control edit flyout when editing an existing query-based variable control [#267605]({{kib-pull}}267605).
```
those controls are called variable controls

**Data ingestion and Fleet**:
* Fixes agent policy background tasks failing with a `parse_exception` by sorting agent policies on `updated_at` instead of the non-existent `created_at` field [#267285]({{kib-pull}}267285).
* Fixes a race condition during async integration knowledge base installation that could clear `installed_es` asset references for input packages and leave the **Assets** tab blank [#266841]({{kib-pull}}266841).
* Uses password fields instead of cleartext inputs for multi-value secret variables in integration policy forms [#266823]({{kib-pull}}266823).

**Discover**:

> * Fixes {{esql}} Discover so the expanded document flyout stays on the same result after refresh when `METADATA _index, _id` is available, and shows the original document without pagination when that result is no longer in the refreshed set [#268328]({{kib-pull}}268328).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in Discover's {{esql}} mode so the expanded document flyout correctly stays on the same result after a refresh when `METADATA _index, _id` is available, and shows the original document without pagination when that result is no longer in the refreshed set [#268328]({{kib-pull}}268328).
```
